Hello friends, welcome to TP Insights.
In today's video, we will talk about
how to fill ICICI Lombard's claim form B for reverse ment.
Before making this video, I already made a video on how to fill claim form A.
You can watch that video for you. I am going to
explain the complete process of how to fill my YouTube2 claim form. In today's
video, I will explain under what conditions this form is filled and
what supporting
documents are required. I am going to explain in full detail from
the beginning till the end. So, please
watch the video till the end.
Like the video.
Subscribe to the channel. Press the bell icon
so that you keep getting notifications of new videos. So
let's start the video
[music].
ICICI
Lombard's claim form part B is open on your screen.
I am going to explain the complete process of how to fill it in today's video. So,
let's start. It will be filled
by the treating doctor of the
hospital, meaning the treating doctor can also
fill this form. Or
you can also ask the TPA team in the hospital.  You can fill it
because most of the details in it are of the
hospital which are to be filled, so let's
start with details of the hospital, oblique
nursing home, which treatment was taken.
In this, details of the hospital will come where you have got the
treatment done. Name of the
hospital, oblique nursing home, name of the
hospital will come here. Address of the hospital will come here.
City will come here, pin code will come here. State will come.
Phone number will come. If there is any
mobile number of the hospital, then you can mention that too.
Rohini ID, you will get this from the hospital only.
You have to fill a claim form in the hospital.
A TP team sits there.
You should go to them with your documents.
They will give you this form after filling it completely
so that there is no scope for any mistake.
Here you will enter a Rohini number, which you will
get from the hospital. Enter the registration number of the
hospital here.
Enter the PAN number of the hospital and here the number of the
inpatient beds means
how many beds they have for the patients admitted in that
hospital, that will be mentioned here.
Facility available in the hospital. Is there an OT
operation theatre
or not? If so, tick here.  If it is there then
tick here
otherwise leave it after that we
move ahead details of the attending
details of the attending medical practitioner
oblique doctor oblique treating physician
and surgeon
means in this the doctor who attended the
patient and here the doctor's
details will come, either the doctor has done it or there is a
treating physician or there is a surgeon
or there is a medical practitioner,
you have to fill his details here, so here the
treating doctor is mainly in TPA, so
here the name will come, his qualification will
come and the doctor's telephone number will come, their registration number,
their doctor's
registration number will come here, it has to be kept in mind here the
mobile number of the doctor will come,
if it is available then put it, if not then the
hospital's number will also be put here, it will also
work,
after that we move ahead details of the
patient admitted,
we have to fill the details of the patient who has been admitted here name
of the patient will come, the name of the patient will come, IP
registration number is the IP registration number,
when we get admitted in the hospital then the
hospital's computer
A number is generated from this or from the system, it is
also called the registration number. IP
means the inpatient registration number, which
means the patient who has been admitted has a
registration number here. It is also on the final bill and on the
discharge summary. So,
you can check here also by looking at it and
enter whether the patient is male or female.
Here you have to fill in the age
of the patient and how many years and how many
months it is. Here you will enter the date of birth
of the patient. Date of admission will be entered, date of
admission will be entered, time of
admission will be entered, date of discharge will be entered,
date of
discharge will be entered here. This D
summary is also mentioned. You
can cross-check from there also or fill by looking at it.
Type of admission: What was the type of admission? Was it
emergency? Was it plant? Was it day care? Was it
maternity? Emergency means emergency.
You must be wondering what emergency plan means if
you have to undergo or have undergone any surgery, then it must be
plant because
doctors go and do not perform surgery on anyone. If it is an
emergency case, then the matter is different,
that is an emergency.  It will
come in but its date is given. If any surgery is done then
it is called plant, day
care. If there is
any procedure of four to five hours or eight to ten hours in a day,
that is day care. That day care has to be
ticked here. If you have done day care
treatment, then apart from that, if there is
any case related to maternity i.e. pregnancy, then
maternity has to be ticked here. Type of
treatment surgical procedure multi surgical
procedure or medical treatment, if any surgical
surgery has been done then
tick here. Multiple means more than one
surgery has been done here. And
medical treatment means normal treatment has been done
like if there is someone with dengue fever, then
medical treatment can be done here.
Tick here.
After that comes
maternity. If it is a case of maternity, then
date of delivery has to be
mentioned here. Here gravida
status gravida status is always related to maternity.
You will get to know this from the nursing staff. It is
also mentioned on your discharge summary,
so you can fill it by looking here.
Pre-mature baby If the
baby has been born prematurely, then yes, if yes, then yes, if no, then no,
state
time of discharge, the patient has gone
home after discharge, discharged from another hospital, has gone to
some other hospital, death
means death has occurred, etc., then whatever has happened has to be
corrected,
total claimed amount, here the claim
amount has to be entered, total, after that we have to
proceed further, details of the procedure, we will
enter the details of the procedure, pre-authorization obtained,
now I will tell
you, if you have got treatment done in a network hospital
and have sent the request, have
sent the pre-authorization form after filling it, then yes you have to say here,
because your
claim might have been rejected
after sending it in cashless, then you will fill this reimbursement
form, if you say yes
here, then there is a number here,
that is also the pre-authorization number,
it is also called claim number, that has to be
mentioned here, if treatment is not obtained by a network
hospital, if they are asking if it
is a network hospital and after that
you can get your
refund  Write that the hospital
refused to give you cashless treatment or there is any other reason, that has to be
mentioned here Date of injury
Sustainable disease of illness first
detected means if you have an injury or
any illness then its first date, the
date on which it was detected, that has to be mentioned here,
this entire procedure,
you have to get it filled by the nursing staff,
okay, in this the nursing staff will fill some
things and some will be filled by the TPA people, if the injury given
cause is self-inflicted, that is self-inflicted, if there is a
road traffic accident, then that has to be
ticked here,
whatever is there has to be ticked here, if there is a
police report in it then tick yes, if there is no police report then
leave it yes,
whatever it is, tick it, whatever has happened in it,
leave it which has not happened,
after that we move
ahead, this section is completely related to the doctor or the
nursing staff, this section
is mandatory only if your health policy is
not provided by your
doctor, by your  Employer, okay, it contains all the
details related to the treatment,
what diagnosis has been made,
what was the primary diagnosis, what was the additional diagnosis,
what was the procedure diagnosis, all this has to be mentioned here, the
nursing staff will
fill it all in, till here
in this one we will mention the number of the
inpatient bed, hospital I here,
they will also do the same, after that
we have to read the declaration, the entire thing,
here we will put the date on which we are either
filling the form or the day we are
sending the form to the insurance company,
after that here we have to write the hospital registration number, the
stamp will be affixed here, the hospital
stamp will be affixed here, the doctor
's stamp will be affixed here and the doctor's
signature will be there, so this ICICI Lombard
claim form is also complete, so
in today's video I told you guys
how to fill the IIC Lombard reimbursement claim form, in what conditions is the
form filled, what supporting
documents are required, I told you all about all these things in
detail in today's video
I have told you, still if you have
any question, any doubt or any query in
your mind then you can share it with me,
I will definitely answer it, apart from this, if you have
any question related to health insurance
in your mind then you can also ask me that,
I will definitely answer it too, if
you liked the video then
like the video, subscribe to the channel and
press the bell icon
so that you keep getting notification of new videos, so we will
meet in the next video, till then
goodbye